\section{Scope}

This Working Group is to look into image display for pipeline developers as well as \gls{QA} and commissioning staff.
It should start by June  1$^{st}$ 2019 and conclude by the Project and Community Workshop in August 2019 with an interim report to the  \gls{DMLT} in July.


\section{Responsibilities}

The Working Group (\gls{WG}) has the following responsibilities:

\begin{itemize}
 \item Take note of \citeds{DMTN-085} which is the basic reason for this \gls{WG}.
 \item Take input from pipeline developers, the commissioning team and \gls{QA} staff.
 \item Identify minimal set of use cases for overlay and interactivity with images in the Portal which will be useful to 95\% of users.
 \item Identify use cases for image display in notebooks where some form of interactive overlay is needed.
 \item Consider if tools in PyViz ecosystem are sufficient for the notebook use cases.
 \item Consider if Firefly is sufficient for portal use cases.
 \item The \gls{WG} Chair shall convene meetings on a regular basis.
 \item The \gls{WG} will make a recommendation on minimum and desirable image display functionality, potentially identifying tools (not necessarily a single tool) which could be used in each case, and identifying use cases where the existing tools are not sufficient.
 \item The \gls{WG} will draft a report (DMTN)  with some recommendations for the consideration of \gls{DMLT}.
\end{itemize}


\section{Specific tasks}

\subsection{Draft use case/requirements document(s)}
Consolidate and classify use cases for image display in a single document. This is not just for the \gls{LSP} but rather a cross cutting document. This should clearly identify \gls{DM} requirements and \gls{DM} desirable functionality and like wise for what may be considered non \gls{DM} requirements.
The group should decide if they wish to spend a little time on understanding the camera diagnostic display requirements, care should be taken to not spend a lot of effort to scope non \gls{DM} work however. It may be preferable to spend time consulting with camera when a consolidated list is available.
In general cost and scope should be considered - a cash amount has been held specifically for this task, should it be needed it this. There is about 900k there, of which $\approx600K$ was intended for the portal revamp in 2022/23 leaving about 300K for the image display needs.  \footnote{\url{https://project.lsst.org/groups/ccb/node/2930}}.


\section{Membership}

The proposed membership is:

\begin{itemize}
  \item Yusra AlSayyad \textbf{(Chair)},
  \item John Swinbank (as custodian of \citeds{DMTN-085}),
  \item Lauren MacArthur
  \item Simon Krughoff
  \item Gregory Dubois-Felsmann
\end{itemize}

\section{Reporting}

Th \gls{WG} Chair shall report directly to the \gls{DM} Project manager weekly.

